Update OpenSGID page (#1425)
agrc/gis.utah.gov: sgid/open-sgid/index.md

  - open sgid
---

The Open SGID is a cloud hosted, publicly available PostGIS database containing SGID data. This database complements the web services and data downloads offered on our [Open Data site](https://opendata.gis.utah.gov/).

To search the SGID, please visit the [SGID Index]({% link data/sgid-index/index.html %}). To learn more about the SGID and the data, please visit the [AGRC data page]({% link data/index.html %}).

### Before you Connect...
{: .text-left }

- Please take a moment to read over the [Open SGID Terms of Use]( {% link about/policy/open-sgid/index.md %}).
- Get familiar with the [Open SGID GitHub repository](https://github.com/agrc/open-sgid), where you can troubleshoot and track known issues.

### How to Connect
{: .text-left }

> There are a variety of clients and applications that can connect to a PostgreSQL database. Here are a few of the more common applications and how to connect to them.

Reviewer: **issue**: you would not be connecting to the applications but rather using them to connect to the open sgid.

```suggestion
There are a variety of clients and applications that can connect to a PostgreSQL database. Here are a few of the more common applications and how to connect with them.
```

- [ArcGIS Desktop](#arcgis-desktop)
- [ArcGIS Pro](#arcgis-pro)
- [DBeaver](#dbeaver)
- [QGIS](#qgis)

> The username and password for these applications can be found on the [Open SGID GitHub repository](https://github.com/agrc/open-sgid#connection-information).

Reviewer: **issue**: the applications do not require a user name and password. The database does.

```suggestion
The username and password to use to connect to the Open SGID can be found on the [Open SGID GitHub repository](https://github.com/agrc/open-sgid#connection-information).
```
